# Background
Early Jan 2023, Unit42 tweeted about Agent Tesla-style activity from possible OriginLogger that was found on 5 Jan 2023.  
- https://twitter.com/Unit42_Intel/status/1611379660029366273
- https://forensicitguy.github.io/net-downloader-originlogger/
- https://github.com/pan-unit42/tweets/blob/master/2023-01-05-IOCs-from-Agent-Tesla-variant-infection.txt

# Setup
This month, our infected host is a stand-alone Windows client. In addition to Windows system traffic, the pcap also contains unencrypted SMTP traffic generated by the malware. This traffic contains additional information, so we can determine all four of the above identifiers.

The SMTP traffic includes various login credentials from the infected host. Of note, this traffic does **_not_** contain legitimate credentials. We populated the host with fake login data before we ran the malware. Despite the fake data, this traffic provides a better understanding of data stolen by Agent Tesla variants like OriginLogger.

# Quiz Questions

1) When did this activity first occur? Format your answer as Universal Coordinated Time (UTC). 
1672959060.220437000
**GMT**: Thursday, January 5, 2023 10:51:00.220 PM

2) Can you identify the infected host? For a Windows computer, the basic identifiers are the following:
	-   Victim’s IP address:  192.168.1.27
	-   Victim’s MAC address:  bc:ea:fa:22:74:fb
	-   Victim’s Windows host name:  DESKTOP-WIN11PC
	-   Victim’s WIndows user account name: windows11user

3) Review the pcap and answer the following questions for this month’s Unit 42 Wireshark quiz:
	-   When did the malicious traffic start in UTC? 
		- **Epoch** - 1672959060.220437000
		- **GMT**: Thursday, January 5, 2023 10:51:00.220 PM
	-   What is the victim’s IP address?  192.168.1.27
	-   What is the victim’s MAC address? bc:ea:fa:22:74:fb
	-   What is the victim’s Windows host name?  DESKTOP-WIN11PC
	-   What is the victim’s Windows user account name? windows11user
	-   How much RAM does the victim’s host have? RAM: 32165.83 MB
	-   What type of CPU is used by the victim’s host? Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-13600K CPU @ 5.10GHz
	-   What is the public IP address of the victim’s host? 173.66.46.112
	-   What type of account login data was stolen by the malware? Thunderbird application user:pass.   Edge Browser stored user:pass for coca-cola[.]com, linkedin, amazon[.]com, target[.]com, nytimes[.]com
		- Sent to: zaritkt(at)arhitektondizajn[.]com


# Investigation Notes
## DNS
savory.com.bd
api.ipify.org
wpad.localdomain
mail.transgear.in
dns.msftncsi.com
login.live.com
time.windows.com
licensing.mp.microsoft.com
storecatalogrevocation.storequality.microsoft.com
fe3cr.delivery.mp.microsoft.com
ecs.office.com
nexusrules.officeapps.live.com
v10.events.data.microsoft.com

## HTTP
packet 8 - GET request to savory[.]com[.]bd/sav/Ztvfo.png

## SMTP

